Take 3
1. is my webpack working correctly? I don't think it's rebuilding each time npm run start:dev
2. why is postman getting correct weather data but not my ap
3. why am I only seeing console.log in terminal when using postman?
4. when i move the api request from express.js to snowRequest postman doesn't working


July 6th to be done:
1. resorts
  - write out resort for each pass
  - have  a list of join resorts
  - figure out what to do with non-us resorts
  -air code validations
2. Context
  pass nav info down

3. heroku



1. how do i switch back and forth from production and dev db?
2. why are some epic resorts not coming through
3. git vulnerability
4. From resort card I pass closestAirCode={closestAirCode} multiple times, ended up passing instead of api call
5. can't reload origin unless I start over app
6. is this a single page application
7. what if there isn't a direct flight, how do I choose the closest aircode

July 16
getting error when mountain collective pass selected can't read map of undefined. how can i use devtools for this?

1. form validations see if airport codes work, needs to be a valid code
2. enter another code on the flight page
3. get logos of resorts https://www.snow-forecast.com/logos/Breckenridge.jpg
4. check for airport validations https://docs.kiwi.com/#header-table-of-contents
  a. airport code valisation api https://rapidapi.com/iatacodes/api/iatacodes
5. weather icons
5. CSS it up

July 23
1. flightpage 2 api calls- clean up code?
2. airline names not dislayed just code
3. origin not valid code- display error response from api
4. origin and destination are the same



Resolved issues list:
1. FlightPage - needed to have functionality to submit new airport codes after initial api call. 
  Bug- my api call was inside CDM and wasn't being triggered when the props aircode changed
  Misunderstanding- CDm would rerender on prop change
  how I fixed it- moved logic for api call into separate function added CDUpdate
  what I know now- CDM only gets triggered once
2. when there is no aiport code entered defaults to MSP
2. flight data coming back
3. when submitting an empty or invalid airport code, flights would still popuate with a random origin
  was uning static urls
4. date configuration for flight api request wrong- no was looking a docs of wrong api!
5. css only displaying 1 card but running multipletimes


1. how do dynamically set dayCard widths depending on content to be inside container??